Remove example code from challenge seed (#39083)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/generate-random-whole-numbers-with-javascript.english.md

  - text: The result of <code>randomWholeNum</code> should be a whole number.
    testString: assert(typeof randomWholeNum() === "number" && (function(){var r = randomWholeNum();return Math.floor(r) === r;})());

>   - text: You should be using <code>Math.random</code> to generate a random number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: You should use <code>Math.random</code> to generate a random number.
```
To maintain consistency with what we say in the last test
